my name is him i want to find my love
and this whole story about me
his name was dennis
it was not with him that the first serious
relations
everything was in 1 1 1 1 apartment
first time repair first time all
probably everyone had his own denis once i
thought and that's all that will be in my
of life
I decided to go out and started living completely
another life so I met
Yaroslav he was the musicians we had
true love you broke up
I was sad for a long time and then in my life
I got a fabius, I have the biggest you
out of competition fabia you just
Italian stallion when you are very
good but not like when i'm arguing with him
and did not argue and the driver did not go for the bow
and did not return Ivan was a photographer
communication learned so much new about painting
atina in literature and much more
will be called very beautiful children
say and you sleep with him
I have long wanted to ask you about him
big hello me anton halls
do i love you as much as you love
me, I want to immediately say what to
serious attitude and on loaf
You know, I decided to meet everyone
their ex and talk storms will examine
why we broke up
who is to blame
Are you fool